Natalia Caceres
Front End Staff Engineer - Technical Lead
+1 647 896 4910 | nataliacaceres91@gmail.com | Toronto, Canada

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Front End software engineer and technical leader, with 10+ years of experience developing scalable systems for businesses
of all sizes. Increased code coverage of SAVVYY’s underwriting web app by 60% and helped process and display 5M daily
data ingests for Seednext over the course of 2 months for their automated tolls software. A caring and committed team
player that enjoys blogging and engaging with the open source software community in my free time.

TECH STACK
Front End

Angular 16, Nx 16 micro frontends, Webpack, ESBuild, React 18, HTML, SCSS, Javascript

Back End

C#, .NET microservices, Kafka, ElasticSearch, GraphQL

Data Stores

MySQL, MongoDB, PostgreSQL

Web Servers

Nginx, Google Web Server,Microsoft IIS

Operating Systems

Ubuntu, Mac OS, Windows 11, Windows Server

EXPERIENCE
SENIOR FRONT END DEVELOPER | QUESTRADE | Toronto, Canada
Sept 15 2023 – Current
Job
Questrade is a Toronto based online brokerage firm that prophesies Canadians with a low cost solution for self-directed
securities investing through a proprietary trading platform and a managed investing solution. It is Canada’s fastest growing
online brokerage firm and the #1 rated online brokerage1. It takes pride in its “customer first” approach and leverages a
broad range of technological tools and resources to provide a plethora of solutions for its customers and workers
-​ Created and launched a strategy to coordinate its eventually consistent backend implementation with a responsive
UI.
-​ Implemented its end to end testing and reporting using cypress, mochawesome and microsoft azure pipelines.
-​ Led a team of 5 developers and analysts to deliver a feature under a time crunch that enables users to repurpose
existing applications, while incrementing test coverage and reusability of code.
-​ Technologies: Javascript, Angular 16, NX, RxJs, Webpack, Azure pipelines, C# and .NET microservices

FRONT END TECH LEAD AND MANAGER | SAVVYY | Toronto, Canada
Feb 22 2021 – Sept 15 2023
SAVVYY is a Toronto based enterprise SaaS company, building digital infrastructure for the mortgage industry 2. Created by
the original technology team at Borrowell (another renowned technology provider in the sector), it provides an end to end
digital lending platform to assist lenders intelligently and efficiently underwriting and servicing loans. The solution is cloud
1
2

“Questrade named one of Canada’s Best Managed Companies for ninth consecutive year.” GlobalNewsWire, March 2020
“Canadian built next-gen infrastructure for the mortgage lending industry.” savvyy.ai

native and API friendly, developed under the principles of DDD.
-​ Managed a team of 7 developers of various seniority levels, performed performance evaluations and participated in
the hiring process of new talent for the team
-​ Mentored a team of 5 junior and semi senior developers, carried out individual and group tech talks, and worked
closely to provide technical growth as a group.
-​ Implemented a testing strategy to replace manual tests incrementing the code coverage from 20% to 60% over the
course of 2 months using a combined approach of unit and integration tests (using Jest) and end to end tests (using
Cypress).
-​ Migrated the authorization and authentication solution to the Oauth 2.0 standard using RBAC policy for the white
label solution in use by 4 different customers.
-​ Technologies: Javascript, Angular 15, NX, RxJs, HTML, SCSS, Webpack, Azure pipelines, C# and .NET microservices

FRONT END TECH LEAD, UX DESIGNER | SEEDNEXT | Remote
2019 – Feb 1 2021
SeedNext is a startup based in Florida, USA that focuses exclusively on technology3. Its values are operational excellence,
security, reliability, performance and cost optimization. The company embraced Amazon’s serverless architecture and
infrastructure as a service to provide fully functional prototypes that solve complex problems to its clients in as little as a
month. SeedNext takes pride in providing extremely reliable, fast and secure infrastructure with a highly predictable schedule
of costs.
-​ Drafted the Critical User Journeys for 3 application prototypes (1 of which was scaled to prod), for a greenhouse
project using IoT and AI, for a VISA assistant project as a form builder using HTML forms, and for a large tolls
management and PoS project using Angular Material and web components.
-​ Closely worked with our UX lead, Business Analyst and Chief Financial Officer to plan, draft and budget proposals
for clients’ requests that adjust to the time and budget concerns. Prototype and implement the solutions while
providing statistics and reports about progress and completion of the proposals.
-​ Engaged in hiring and leading the front end implementation of all the projects in the company.
-​ Technologies: Javascript, Angular 13, NgRx, Redux, React, NX, RxJs, HTML, SCSS, Amazon Lambda, Amazon QLDB,
MQTT, ElasticSearch, Kafka, Kibana

FRONT END TECH LEAD | SEAMGROUP - VATES | Remote
2018 – 2019
4
SeamGroup is a consulting company based in Ohio, USA . It is a provider of safety, reliability, maintenance and enterprise
asset management services intended for the hospitality, food processing and pharmaceutical industries. SeamGroup offers
services including training and consulting, inspection and assessment, installation and repair and electric vehicle charging
infrastructure, helping clients to optimize the performance of their most critical energized assets. All of its operations are
managed by a complex and broad system developed in-house that is used by most of its 350 employees and hundreds of
contractors. Their software needs to pass critical security and stability audits and comply with IEEE norms to ensure its
reliability and security.
-​ Planned, prototyped, designed and implemented a pure web CAD solution to view, comment and edit drawings on
mobile platforms as well as desktop. The solution was a Progressive Web Application developed using React, Redux,
D3JS, HTML, CSS and a .NET microservice, while maintaining the ability to work offline and synchronize the changes
when reconnected.
-​ Designed, pitched to the C-suite and customers, and implemented an integrated solution that processes 5million
records daily of toll information, allowing a seamless and non-blocking user experience while browsing, filtering and
editing the information in a web app and a mobile native script application.
-​ Technologies: Javascript, React, Redux, Express, D3JS, Webpack, HTML, CSS, .NET framework 4.7.2

SENIOR FRONT END DEVELOPER | OPEN ENGLISH | Buenos Aires, Argentina
2017 – 2018
OpenEnglish is an online english school founded in Caracas, Venezuela with technology headquarters in Florida, USA and in
3
4

“The startup accelerator focused exclusively on technology” seednext.io
“Creating a safer, more reliable world.” seamgroup.com

Buenos Aires, Argentina. The platform had 100 000 students in the spanish speaking world in 20145 and has since expanded
to provide services to other nationalities in different languages. Their innovative web application is carefully designed and
prototyped by its dedicated designer, UX, UI and Marketing teams to gracefully provide a smooth learning and teaching
interface to its thousands of users (both students and teachers) while linking resources from its cloud-based providers and
providing API integrations to its B2B customers.
-​ Integrated with their design team to help shape the learning platform and scale their solution to incorporate the
translations to 3 more languages (Italian, French, Portuguese).
-​ Implemented animations and transitions to their learning platform, increasing the user permanence by 15% and
engaging their reward and student tracking features.
-​ Increased their automated test code base to achieve 90% code coverage in their student portal solution, using
Karma-Jasmine and protractor.
-​ Technologies: Javascript, Angular 10, RxJs, HTML, SCSS, CSS, Webpack, Javascript, SQL

OTHER EXPERIENCES
FULL STACK SEMI SENIOR ENGINEER | SUBWAY FRANCHISEE HEADQUARTERS - CME | Remote
FULL STACK SEMI SENIOR ENGINEER | KANTAR GROUP - CME | Remote
​
FULL STACK ENGINEER | IVISA | Mendoza, Argentina
​
​
​
​
​
​
JUNIOR DEVELOPER, BUSINESS ANALYST | HOSPITAL ESPAÑOL | Mendoza, Argentina​​
​

​

2016 – 2018
2016 – 2017
2014 – 2016
2013 – 2014

​

​

2010 – 2017

​

​

2010 – 2010

​
EDUCATION
SYSTEMS ENGINEERING (BSE) | Universidad Tecnológica Nacional | Mendoza, Argentina ​
●​ Incomplete, pending final exams.
MULTIMEDIA DESIGN (Certificate) | Universidad Champagnat | Mendoza, Argentina​
​

ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
NGGirls Mentor in NGConf 2022 | NGGirls | Remote - Toronto, Canada
Videocast co host | Angular Nation, Angular Americas | Remote - Toronto, Canada​

PROFILES
https://www.linkedin.com/in/natalia-caceres/
https://github.com/naticaceres
5

“Online school has 100,00 students, one subject” The wall street journal, June 2014

​ ​

​
​

​
2022
2021 – 2023

